if you the viewer were forced to
participate
in a prisoner's death game where 10
death row prisoners are forced to fight
for freedom on live television
would you know how to survive in this
video we're going to be breaking down
the 2007 film the condemned
and seeing if the characters could have
made better decisions to survive the
death game
so without further ado let's get started
our movie begins at a belarus prison
here we see a prison guard and a
cameraman walking side by side
together they approach a cell that has a
man sitting inside of it
they then shove three other men inside
of the cell and instruct them to fight
the man sitting down
a fight ensues which results in the man
that was sitting down killing all three
of the prisoners that were instructed to
fight him
all this time there were cameras
recording him and a producer who was
watching the live stream
says he wants this man for the show so
they go to the warden and bribe him with
a large sum of money to let the prisoner
go
and join the show the warden ends up
agreeing and we then move to an unnamed
island in the pacific where cameras and
other film equipment are being set up in
anticipation for the show
everything seems to be going smoothly
until the producer of the show is
informed that one of his more notable
prisoners was shot and killed
he doesn't just want any replacement
though i don't want
a [ __ ] guatemalan i already got two
mexicans
look you see here this
is the arab world they don't have
anybody to cheer for they don't log on
okay i think it's safe to say he really
does want an error replacement
so our film then takes us to middle
eastern prison where we see a large man
taking a piss into a bucket and somehow
missing half of it the guards once again
start selecting prisoners to fight him
to show the producers his strength
however
this time the prisoner is knocked out by
an american who is then selected by the
producer to be the final contestant of
the show we're then shown a hangar where
all the contestants get a few seconds to
interact and we learn a bit about their
personalities
however everyone quickly goes quiet when
the rules are announced
on your ankle you all have a rig
back with 20 ounces of plastic explosive
exactly 30 hours from now a plastic
explosive
will do what it does best you want that
rig removed from your ankle
simply be the sole survivor in 30 hours
from now so this can all be summarized
to be a hunger game for prisoners
instead of little kids
okay so if i were in the preparation
stage i would just shut the [ __ ] up and
not speak unless spoken to
prisoners are known to hold grudges or
be a little bit mentally unstable
so it's best not to accidentally offend
anyone and make enemies
when the game officially starts all the
prisoners get loaded up into helicopters
and they're given their key to their
chains via something to bite on
and then thrown off the plane at random
locations in the ocean
all of them except for this dude who
didn't get so lucky you know i'm shocked
to say those pilots aim are even worse
than that muslim dude ping from earlier
our main character jack conrad decides
it's a good idea to attack the person
giving him the keys so he's thrown off
the plane without keys to his handcuffs
okay i don't know if i need to do much
explaining but attacking the person
who's giving you the keys to your
handcuffs is probably not a good idea
because you'll be at such a disadvantage
if you can't run or attack properly
honestly though being dropped directly
onto the island instead of the water
would be a huge advantage
because you can wait on the shore and
ambush anyone who's exhausted from the
swim
and this is something that jack actually
does when he sees the mexican dude hop
out of the water he immediately pins him
to a wall
but then he's a change of heart when he
finds out the mexican dude also has a
wife who's in the game and that he just
wants to protect her so jack lets him go
the mexican dude returns the favor by
giving jack the keys to his handcuffs
okay i know a lot of you expect me to
say just kill the [ __ ] but i think
having one ally is actually more
important than eliminating one enemy
meanwhile around the island prisoners
are starting to make it to shore
including that mexican dude's wife who's
attacked by a polish dude that pins her
down
and attempts to rape her however he
quickly figures out that women on death
row are just as deadly as the men
as she pulls a sharp stick out of the
ground and stabs it into his neck
and then pulls the tag out of his bomb
which blows him up and somehow the
producers are very excited to be
watching this
okay so i know this girl technically won
this 1v1 but i think she just got really
lucky
biologically women just aren't as strong
as men so it's unlikely they'll win in a
1v1 fight
so if i were one of the weaker
contestants i would head inland instead
of wandering around in the beach
in plain view of everyone waiting to get
attacked the movie then cuts over to the
black american who's been walking
through the jungle
he realizes those cameras around him and
starts destroying them
if i were in this situation i would do
the same thing seeing there isn't a
penalty you might as well [ __ ] over the
people that force you to play the game
anyways and make it so they can't make
money off the show
the black guy then sees a helicopter fly
overhead and it drops off a supply kit
inside there's a knife and some water
before the dude can enjoy too many sips
of his newfound fresh water he's
confronted by the japanese dude who also
saw the supply drop and they get into a
fight
the black dude somehow loses the fight
despite having a knife and
is able to run away the japanese dude
chases after but only finds the
australian dude sitting calmly at eating
a fruit
i know this movie technically says he's
british but there's just no [ __ ] way
he's british with an accent like that
lovely die don't you think anyway the
australian dude offers to team up with a
japanese dude so they can hunt down the
remaining prisoners
but this is a risky move since the
japanese dude doesn't know a lick of
english so if there's a misunderstanding
they could just fight and kill each
other
but eventually in the movie he's able to
understand the british dude and the two
team up
the most effective hunting strategy i
could think of for these two to dispatch
as many people as possible is to follow
the cameras around
we can see that there's moving cameras
that follow all the contestants in order
to get cool shots
so all these have to do is follow the
cameras until they find someone and then
kill them 1v2
meanwhile on the other side of the
jungle our main character jack runs into
a very
very big problem these two very large
men get into a bit of a scuffle that
ends in jack getting the main character
buff
and pulling this dude's pin sending him
tumbling off a cliff and exploding we
then switch point of views once again to
the mexican dude who has now finally
found his wife
they start making out but then the
creepy australian dude finds them
in order to protect his wife the mexican
dude engages in a fight with the
australian guy
just as the mexican dude is about to win
however the japanese dude distracts him
allowing the australian guy a chance to
get a stick and break his leg
they chain the mexican dude to a tree
and then kill his wife
okay so there's a few ways i think the
couple could have avoided their fate
if they had just waited till the coast
was clear before making out they would
have had a chance to escape
also the husband could have pulled the
tag on his own bomb when he was chained
near the australian guy and blow them
both
up those would give his wife a chance to
escape we then see the black dude who's
still running around in the jungle and
he gets attacked by the chick from the
beach
because he's a good person he doesn't
actually want to kill her and decides to
trust her
later in the night the two seem to be
hitting it off giving each other
massages and such however this was just
deployed by the girl to get yet another
kill
as she runs off with a tag from the
black dude's bomb blowing him up and
eliminating yet another opponent
okay i think it goes without saying you
aren't competing against karen from next
door
instead you're competing against people
who are on death row and have the most
questionable moral compasses on the
planet
and this is their last chance at life
safe to say don't trust anyone
the movie then cuts to the fbi office in
the united states
who are investigating and trying to
figure out where the show is taking
place so they can shut it down
however someone recognizes jack who used
to be a us-sanctioned hitman
and it turns out in order to not rat out
his country he was put on death row in
the middle east which is why he's in
this game in the first place
that's some interesting backstory but in
present time jack found the mexican dude
who's severely depressed that his wife
died and together they travel across the
island
the mexican dude obviously wants revenge
but things are rather difficult
considering he's a [ __ ] and the
australian japanese dudes both got a
supply drop full of weapons
recognizing this the mexican tells jack
to go ahead because he knows he can't
keep up
jack goes across a camera wire and the
tv producers can't see where he's going
because earlier he put a metal cover
over his gps system he wanted to cover
his tracks because he was headed to the
producer's headquarters
here he subdues a guard and enters the
communication tower where he makes a
phone call to his wife whom he hasn't
seen in many years
he then tells her the location of the
island so that she can send help however
just as he finishes the phone call he's
shot out by guards and is forced to jump
off the communication tower and he lands
on his back okay
it doesn't take special forces training
to know that when you jump off a tall
structure it's probably best not to land
directly on your spine
for all you know you could end up like
this guy if there was a rock underneath
you
by the time jack makes it to the mexican
he's already been found by the
australian and the japanese guy and
they're torturing him to death
at the end of the night the two burn him
alive and it's officially game on for
jack
in the morning jack stalks the two to a
nearby abandoned temple and he is
directly underneath them he then pulls
out a metal gate to use as a weapon
however he's so close to them it's
unrealistic they didn't hear anything
there are so many places jack could have
gotten a weapon why did he have to wait
to be right next to these two before
getting one
jack then attacks the japanese dude
where he's able to completely destroy
him while his entire hometown watches
but before the killing blow the
australian guy starts shooting arrows
and corners jack inside a small building
inside the small building the girl from
earlier was waiting inside and ambushes
jack however jack is able to turn her
into a meat shield which blocks an arrow
from the australian dude
there's some even more bad news for jack
as the japanese dude starts throwing
molotovs into the house and this is an
issue because inside there are old world
war ii explosives
luckily jack is able to escape through a
secret tunnel and survive the explosion
the two villains believing that they are
now the last two standing turn against
each other and start fighting for what
they believe
is to be the last one standing but
before they can kill each other jack
reveals himself
i'm not sure why jack couldn't have just
waited for one of them to die before
stepping in making a much easier fight
but he did what he did
because now he has to fight a 1v2 which
he handles rather easily as he's much
superior at hand-to-hand combat because
of his special forces training
he's able to kill the japanese dude but
the australian dude runs away and jumps
into a waterfall where jack is forced to
follow
here the game's final supply drop falls
and the australian dude gets there first
and reveals that he now has a shotgun
but he must have not used guns very
often because he shoots the rock that
jack is hiding behind so much
when he literally could have just walked
around the rock and shot jack because
he's the only one with a gun
since he shot so many times he ran out
of bullets jack is able to just
walk away from the rock while he reloads
the two get into one final fight that
jack loses causing him to tumble into
the river below while getting shot at
and that he dies
back at the station the australian is
brought to the producer and it's
revealed the game was rigged in his
favor so he could win the entire time
hence all the lucky supply drops but the
producer refuses to give him the share
of money that was promised
this angers the australian so much that
he kills the guard and chases after the
producer into the film studio
however the producer already left so out
of anger the australian starts shooting
everyone inside but in a big plot twist
it turns out that jack never actually
got hit by a single one of the bullets
and he comes inside and
executes the australian dude moments
later jack catches up to the producer
who is fleeing by helicopter
he's able to toss one of the ankle
monitors into the helicopter just in
time blowing up the producer and the
movie ends on a very wholesome note of
jack returning home to greet his wife
but now that you say it doesn't jack
look a tiny bit like johnny sins
well now you know how to beat the
prisoner death game from the condemned
so if you ever get drawn into a death
royale you will now win
you can thank me ahead of time by liking
subscribing and leaving a comment for
the algorithm
i truly appreciate all the support on my
recent videos so thank you all so much
for sticking by me
and with that being said i hope you all
have a great day this is andrew from
obsessive films signing out
can't stop me